in this video we'll show how to create a
debug configuration for debugging
client-side apps with webstorm you can
create or modify debug configurations in
webstorm click on the add configuration
button in the tool bar once you're in
the add configurations window click the
plus sign and add a new configuration
then choose JavaScript debug name your
configuration and set a starting
location by pasting the URL of the
running app into the URL field click OK
to save let's set a break point so we
can debug to debug click on the bug in
the navigation toolbar this launches the
debugger as well as an instance of
chrome where you can test the UI when I
click the submit button you could see
that the debugger and breakpoint work is
expected
in this video you have seen how to
create debug configurations for webstorm
thanks for watching